Privacy Policy
The app respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the App will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy policy. However, the App will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the App will not disclose such information to the outside world or provide it to third parties without your prior permission. The App will update this Privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application Service Usage Agreement, it is deemed that you have agreed to all contents of this Privacy policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Application Service Usage Agreement.
1. Scope of application

The personal registration information you provide according to the requirements of the Application when you register for the application account; Information on your browser and computer automatically received and recorded by the Application when you use the application network service or access the website of the application platform, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, date and time of access, software and hardware characteristics information, and web page records required by you; Personal data obtained by the App from business partners through legal means. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy: The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the Application platform; The relevant information and data collected by the App and published by you in the App, including but not limited to participation in activities, transaction information and evaluation details; Violations of legal provisions or violations of these Rules of the App and the measures that the App has taken against you.
2. Use of information

The App will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have prior permission, or the third party and the app (including the app affiliates) alone or jointly provide services for you, and after the end of the service, it will be prohibited to access including its previous access to all such information. The App also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. If any user of the application platform engages in the above activities, once found, the Application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user. For the purpose of serving users, the App may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with the App's partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
3. Information disclosure

In the following cases, the App will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or the provisions of the law: with your prior consent, to a third party disclosure; Share your personal information with third parties in order to provide the products and services you have requested; To a third party or an administrative or judicial body in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or at the request of an administrative or judicial body; If you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or this Application Service Agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose it to a third party; If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that the two parties can deal with possible rights disputes; In a transaction created on the Application platform, if any party to the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills its transaction obligations and makes a request for information disclosure, the Application has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of its counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute. Other disclosures deemed appropriate by the App in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.
4. Information storage and exchange

The information and data collected about you by the App will be saved on the servers of the App and (or) its affiliates, and such information and data may be transmitted to the country or region where you are located or outside the country where the information and data collected by the App is located and will be accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.
5. Use of cookies

If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the App will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the App Platform services or features that rely on cookies. The Application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services. You have the option to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser Settings. However, if you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the Application's network services or features that rely on cookies. This Policy applies to information obtained through cookies set by the App.
6. Information security

This application account has a security protection function, please keep your user name and password information. This application will encrypt the user password and other security measures to ensure that your information is not lost, not abused and altered. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network. When using this application network service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password of the App are leaked, please contact the customer service of the App immediately so that the App can take appropriate measures.
