
Privacy Policy

We take your user privacy extremely seriously. When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to use this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect, use, store and share this information when using our services, and how we provide you with access, update, control and protect this information. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the services you use. I hope you read it carefully and, when necessary, follow the guidelines of this Privacy Policy to make the choices you deem appropriate. We try to express the relevant technical terms involved in this Privacy Policy as concisely as possible and provide links to further explanations to facilitate your understanding. Your use or continued use of our services means that you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your relevant information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Chapter 1 Information we may collect about you

Information we may obtain about you 1.1 Log information refers to technical information that the system may automatically collect through cookies or other means when you use our services, including: 1.1.1 Device or software information, such as your mobile device or Configuration information provided by other programs that access our services, your IP address and the version and device identification code used by your mobile device; 1.1.2 Information searched or browsed when using our services, such as when you browse while using our services Or other information and content details required; 1.2 Location information refers to the information about your location collected when you turn on the device positioning function and use the related services we provide based on location. 1.2.1 You use a mobile device with positioning function Your geographical location information collected through GPS or WiFi when using our services; Information you provide 2.1 Shared information you provide to other parties through our services, and information stored when you use our services; 2.2 Your information shared by other parties; 2.3 Shared information about you provided by other parties when using our services

Chapter 2 How We May Use the Information Collected

We may use the information collected in the process of providing services to you for the following purposes: 1.1 to provide you with services; 1.2 when we provide services, for identity verification, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving and Backup purposes, 1.3 ensure the security of the products and services we provide you; 1.4 help us design new services and improve our existing services; 1.5 enable us to better understand how you access and use our services, so as to respond in a targeted manner Your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or other responses to you and other users; 1.6 Provide you with ads that are more relevant to you to replace the generally delivered ads. Advertising; 1.7 Evaluate the effectiveness of advertising and other promotions and promotions in our services and improve them; 1.8 Software certification or manage software upgrades; 1.9 Allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services 1.10 In order to give you a better experience, improve our services, or for other purposes that you have agreed to, we may use the information collected through a certain service to compile information or personalize it, subject to compliance with relevant laws and regulations. way, for our other services. For example, information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content or to show you information that is relevant to you but not generally pushed. If we provide the corresponding options in the relevant services, you can also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by the service for our other services.


Chapter 3 

Your Information We May Share 1.1.1 To provide you with our services; 1.1.2 To achieve the purposes described in the "How We May Use Collected Information" section; 1.1.3 To fulfill our obligations in this Privacy Policy 1.1.4 Understanding, maintaining and improving our services. 2.1 Information that must be retained due to the requirements of some local laws and regulations; 2.2 Information that must be retained or disclosed to comply with court orders or other legal procedures; 2.3 Information that must be retained or disclosed to comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies; 2.4. Reasonably necessary purposes to comply with applicable laws and regulations, safeguard social public interests, or protect the personal and property safety or legitimate rights and interests of our customers, us or our group companies, other users or employees.



Chapter 4 How we will protect your information

We will do everything possible to adopt appropriate technical means to ensure that you can access, update and correct your registration information or other personal information provided when using our services. When accessing, updating, correcting and deleting the aforementioned information, we may require you to perform identity verification to ensure account security. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect information from loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure. For example, in some services, we will utilize encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and within the time limits required by laws and regulations. Chapter 5 Complaints and Suggestions If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, or have any suggestions for our services, please contact us directly for feedback



Chapter VI Protection of Minors' Information

We attach great importance to the protection of minors' information. If you are a minor under the age of 18, your guardian needs to read this "Privacy Policy" carefully and agree or authorize you to agree to use our products and/or services in accordance with this "Privacy Policy". If you are a minor under the age of 14, your guardian needs to read this "Privacy Policy" carefully and expressly agree to your use of our products and/or services in accordance with this "Privacy Policy". If you/your guardian disagree with any content of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using our products and/or services. Chapter VII Scope of application of this Privacy Policy 1. Except for some specific services, all of our services are applicable to this Privacy Policy. A specific privacy policy will apply to these specific services. Specific privacy policies for certain services will more specifically explain how we use your information in those services. The privacy policy for that particular service forms part of this Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of the relevant specific service and this "Privacy Policy", the privacy policy of the specific service shall apply. 2. Please note that this "Privacy Policy" does not apply to the following situations: Information collected by other companies or institutions that provide advertising services in our services.

Chapter 8
 Changes to this Privacy Policy 1. If the following changes occur in our products and/or services, we may make corresponding revisions to this Privacy Policy: 1.1 Changes in the business functions involved in our products and/or services lead to the processing of personal Changes in the purpose, type, and use of information; 1.2 Significant changes in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and the way it is exercised; 1.3 Changes in the contact information and complaint channels of our department responsible for processing your personal information security; 1.4 Changes in Other changes that may affect the security of users' personal information or affect users' privacy rights, etc. 2. We will notify you by prominently reminding you on the homepage or sending you an email or other means before the revision takes effect. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If such revisions result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, and you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 3. Unless otherwise specified, the revised Privacy Policy will take effect from the date of publication.
